In this walk through,
let's take a look at a tool called OHIF,
which is open source zero-footprint web-based DICOM viewer.
OHIF tool which is supported by
Open Health Imaging Foundation with the help of
some volunteers and some enterprise sponsors,
is a popular tool, it's open source,
it's based on JavaScript,
it's a single page web application.
It is based on a core image rendering engine called Cornerstone,
which is the basis for many popular zero-footprint web-based viewers,
and it is a very versatile tool which will
help you set up an environment which looks very close
to what a radiologist would be dealing with if they're reading their images remotely.
So let us look at a deployment of an OHIF of tool
which I did in my own little environment.
OHIF is very simple,
we have a page here with studies.
I can go and take a look at my own,
actually knee MRI scan that was done back where I had a knee injury sometime ago.
So we have here some series and we can click through this series,
and these are all the different series.
We can do all these things that you would expect a medical imaging viewer to do.
There is some delay, some loading snags because this is running over the web and
there aren't that many optimizations here to pre-load these images.
We can do our windowing and leveling though,
and these are pretty good usually;
and we can even go and do some two-dimensional MPR reformatting.
So remember how we did
the maximum intensity projection exercise in the first lesson of the course,
this is what you can do here.
You can try and set up your OHIF viewer and you can try and load up the volume,
and do the MIP projection and see if it actually matches up what you have seen.
So the MIP projection is not that great in this volume because there are
a lot of voxels here with similar density,
but I can still do that and I can even rotate it,
and it looks like some 3D volume because as we remember,
MIP projection is a 3D reconstruction algorithm.
So in this walk through,
we took a look at the OHIF tool,
which is an open source zero-footprint web-based image viewer.
I encourage you to try it out and if you really want to have
some environment that resembles a clinical environment,
if you are producing some images that should be viewed in a web-based tool,
OHIF is definitely want to take a look at.
Another thing that OHIF has,
if you have a DICOM web capable image and archive,
OHIF can be easily set up on top of that and visualize images from it.
This is exactly what we will do in the final project,
which we'll use tool called [inaudible] to serve images
into an OHIF viewer and view our reports that we will generate.